#Challenge 2
## Description
The purpose of this project (I believe) is not only to preform the task of creating a webpage using the html and css skills we learned in the last week, but also to move in the direction of having an actual webpage to use to display future work to show to "real world" employers.  The "User Story" motivating the project grammatically flipped the "person" of the project to make it work like a job in a "real world" context where an employer would send similar documents to have certain tasks done.  Therefore, this project is not to create a profile for myself but to create a profile for the imagined future "employer" who needs this to be done and I will do it for him or her.  As such the request is that I create a "porfolio" webpage which includes my name, a photo or avatar, and sections where I introduce myself, give samples of my work, and provide contact information.  Of course, my name is the header of page and I have provided an image which is to represent "me" for now (until I get a real picture I like for a real, future porfolio website).  Also, in the header I have links to the other parts of the document including the "About me" secction which is largely text driven where I describe myself, reason for going into web development, etc.  As it is now, this is just text that I've added.  It also takes the tone of a "homework asignment" in that, instead of using latin which only gives an idea of what the final, complete porfolio will look like, I have also provided content to the text which will provide more documentation describing what I'm doing on the page itself.

For example, that section, like this document, will provide more information on what I did in creating the next section: the "work" section.  This section, as I understand it, will be the "meat and potatoes" of the porfolio as it will link to some of the projects that will be part of the course.  Since I don't have a clear idea of what those projects might be or how they can be be shown off, I have filled this section with images I quickly made to fill the task.  While they match the color and style themes of the page (such as it is), they don't do much more.  I assume, ideally, when it comes to doing this for real, the projects will suggest images that would be better representatives of the work I actually did.  For example, the mock-up provides a few ideas of what the projects might be like.  I don't know what "Surf Report" is supposed to suggest, but "LED Wall" does suggest something.  Therefore, if I were to have a project like that in my porfolio, the picture included in the mock-up makes a lot of sense.  Even, seeing that, however, I don't know what exactly an "LED well" entails, so I can't even provide a picture that would make sense in the context of that project.  As such, like I said, I have only images empty of meaning that have links to other active, yet further meaningless pages.  I imagine, in time, the projects I will do will be able to be put on those "pages" and the better images can be found.  As it is, now, unfortunately, I just have blank, empty images that linked to blank, empty pages.

The final section is my "contact" section, where I have email links, a link to my github, and a link to LinkedIn."  Unlike the mock-up, there aren't many other ways in which I can be contacted.  I don't know how phone number links work, and I also don't have any real social media accounts outside of LinkedIn and GitHub (for the course).

##Installation
This page was deployed directly to https://bswiley.github.io/Challenge2/ after the work was completed.  In Github, the index.html is at the same level as this README.md file.

Concerning "unique" I assume my ability to use Github is being tested and what is wanted is that I can download the files from a repository and then repost them to my own, "unique" repository that I have named myself, that is supstatively different than the original repository.  I say this because on the first Challenge I went with "Challenge1" and with this one I went with "Challenge2".  Strictly speaking, that's not very "unique" (i.e. not creative), but if I undestand the context correctly, while "Challenge2" is not 'unique' when compared to "Challenge1," it is definitly unique in that it is not named "friendly-parakeet."

 On the first asignment I believe I got a "pass" despite not linking my image correctly to the read me.  The text explaining this is not itself, perfectly clear to me, so I still am not completely sure on how to do this. But, I will give it a try with[screencapture](./screencapture.png).

License
Other than it having information that is linked directly to me, I am not concerned with it being copied. Therefore I went with what I think is the "most opensource" license.  I understand that to be the MIT license.  I don't care if the website is copied so much as want to be able to continue to use it myself, even though I will probably build another one for an actual, future porfolio. 

Here I will also mention that I borrowed heavily from the "10-Stu-box-styling" which was part of the "02_advanced-css" class work from the "UOFW-VIRT-FSF-PT-02-2023-U-LOLC" repository.  After using it, I found that I still couldn't get it to work well with my website, especially since the parts of concern are embedded more deeply inside my websight than the original was (since it represented the "complete" website save some text around it).  I like to believe I have altered it enough to "make it mine" and therefore, though I used a lot of the ideas, it was not really so much an operation of "cut and paste" of that material into my work as much as it was making those ideas work in my site and contiually tweeking it to make it still work.  Doing this was actually more difficult than it might seem because, often, things would "magically" become undone or not work and I had to start over, looking at the model to see what I'd done wrong. Getting "cards" to work became more a "goal" I was aiming towards than a foundation that the page was built around.   I don't know how to measure the degree to which the code has changed from that context to my own page, but I like to think it changed quite a bit in my efforts to make it (as well as all the other ideas fron the class) fit into my own project. 
